At home we had no television in 1953, but I had an uncle who lived in Trialo which did
So I can remember that we went to Trialo on the day of the coronation to actually try and view it because again
The quality of picture wasn't very clever. It was all in black and white very crackled
so I can vaguely remember that and remember it because
People's opinion were quite different in those days and I suppose that a lot of the family were ex-service people
So at the age of four I could sing the sort of national anthem
Especially for that particular day I suppose so yeah, I do remember the coronation
What was the atmosphere like to remember anything of that?
In addition to being able to see it on television of course there were street parties
There were street parties and there was lots of decorations
And different streets did different things I remember in the Sear Road where I lived of course we couldn't decorate it was the main road
But one of the sites is there Witton Street in particular was highly decorated and they put on this
Magnificent play of theirs and they used the Catholic Church hall in the Sear to do it
And it was it was funny to see people of all ages taking part everybody got involved
A really truly sort of local community spirit in those days truly different to what it is nowadays